[Music]
have you ever been a nanny this is my
first live in job well I hope you know
what you're doing the children are very
special Kate the thoroughbreds jeez your
friends must love it here I have no
friends you have no friends
yep well you have one now maybe the
parents died nothing she have to suffer
it's not that simple
I don't I'm that part of the house why
not don't wanna hello
you shouldn't be in here what happened
to your last nanny
well like I'd tell you need to take
charge here Kate
I know what you're afraid of keeping the
lights on won't keep you safe
can you please stop
yeah I'm in there I'm not going anywhere
promise promise cross my heart moves
down
everyone dies - did you see anymore
[Applause]
bad dreams
[Music]
you